com/example/befitgroupproject/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MyAdapter
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MyAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/befitgroupproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BuildConfig
com/example/befitgroupproject/HeartRateActivity.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$1$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$4
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$5
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$6
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$7
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$8
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$8$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.HeartRateActivity$TYPE
com/example/befitgroupproject/PunchCardActivity.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PunchCardActivity
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PunchCardActivity$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PunchCardActivity$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PunchCardActivity$2$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PunchCardActivity$2$1$1
com/example/befitgroupproject/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/befitgroupproject/ItemClickListener.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.ItemClickListener
com/example/befitgroupproject/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/befitgroupproject/FitnessTestHistoryAdapter.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.FitnessTestHistoryAdapter
 com.example.befitgroupproject.FitnessTestHistoryAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/befitgroupproject/PlanRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PlanRecyclerViewAdapter
com/example/befitgroupproject/FitnessTestResult.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.FitnessTestResult
com/example/befitgroupproject/databinding/ActivityGetPlanBinding.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.databinding.ActivityGetPlanBinding
com/example/befitgroupproject/Plan_item.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.Plan_item
com/example/befitgroupproject/MyViewModel.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MyViewModel
com/example/befitgroupproject/userProfile.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.userProfile
com/example/befitgroupproject/Plans.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.Plans
com/example/befitgroupproject/BadgeRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeRecyclerViewAdapter
com/example/befitgroupproject/PlanRecyclerViewHolder.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.PlanRecyclerViewHolder
com/example/befitgroupproject/ImageProcessing.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.ImageProcessing
com/example/befitgroupproject/Clients.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.Clients
com/example/befitgroupproject/BadgeRecyclerViewHolder.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeRecyclerViewHolder
com/example/befitgroupproject/display_otherplans.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.display_otherplans
 com.example.befitgroupproject.display_otherplans$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.display_otherplans$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.display_otherplans$3
com/example/befitgroupproject/BadgeCard.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeCard
com/example/befitgroupproject/databinding/ActivityFitnessTestHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.databinding.ActivityFitnessTestHistoryBinding
com/example/befitgroupproject/CalendarViewHolder.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewHolder
com/example/befitgroupproject/databinding/ActivityFitnessTestDetailBinding.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.databinding.ActivityFitnessTestDetailBinding
com/example/befitgroupproject/CalendarViewAdapter.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewAdapter
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewAdapter$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewAdapter$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewAdapter$2$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewAdapter$MyCallback
 com.example.befitgroupproject.CalendarViewAdapter$OnItemListener
com/example/befitgroupproject/other_plans.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.other_plans
 com.example.befitgroupproject.other_plans$1
com/example/befitgroupproject/MainActivity.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$1$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$2$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$4
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$4$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$4$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$4$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.MainActivity$4$3$1
com/example/befitgroupproject/fitness_test_history.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_history
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_history$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_history$2
com/example/befitgroupproject/SettingActivity.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.SettingActivity
 com.example.befitgroupproject.SettingActivity$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.SettingActivity$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.SettingActivity$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.SettingActivity$4
com/example/befitgroupproject/LaunchActivity.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$10
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$11
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$2$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$3$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$3$1$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$3$1$1$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$4
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$4$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$5
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$6
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$7
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$8
 com.example.befitgroupproject.LaunchActivity$9
com/example/befitgroupproject/fitness_test_detail.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$10
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$11
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$12
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$13
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$14
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$15
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$16
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$17
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$4
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$5
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$6
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$7
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$8
 com.example.befitgroupproject.fitness_test_detail$9
com/example/befitgroupproject/BadgeActivity.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$4
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$5
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$5$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$6
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$6$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$6$1$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$6$1$1$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$7
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$7$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$7$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$7$2$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.BadgeActivity$8
com/example/befitgroupproject/get_plan.java
 com.example.befitgroupproject.get_plan
 com.example.befitgroupproject.get_plan$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.get_plan$2
 com.example.befitgroupproject.get_plan$3
 com.example.befitgroupproject.get_plan$3$1
 com.example.befitgroupproject.get_plan$3$2
